README.md, before:

# Nuclear_Tools
An assortment of handy nuclear engineering tools

This package provides various simple Nuclear functions to quickly obtain data in a python environment such
as giving molecular weight of compound such as UO2, giving atomic weights and binding energy per nucleon.

Possibly most important is the ability to pull ENDF cross section data directly from online.

This package is currently in the first stages of development but plans for a quick expansion to include many
other helpful tools.

Various functions rely on numpy, pint, and many other well known python packages.  

Please feel free to send in functions or classes that would be useful to class work or research to have
them added to the package.

# Setup
Setup is quite simple and will build a working package from the downloaded repo directly in your local python
package library
It is highly reccomended to install Anaconda for the best results in compatability and in setup.

To setup simply execute:
>> python setup.py develop

Then you should be good to go!

Commit message:

Added scipy dependency, updated README

README.md, after:

# NuclearTools
An assortment of handy nuclear engineering tools

This package provides various simple Nuclear functions to quickly obtain data in a python environment such
as giving molecular weight of compound such as UO2, giving atomic weights and binding energy per nucleon.

Possibly most important is the ability to pull ENDF cross section data directly from online.

This package is currently in the first stages of development but plans for a quick expansion to include many
other helpful tools.

Recently added abilities include core thermal distributons, critical heat flux calculations, void fractions, 
and much more. 

Various functions rely on numpy, pint, and many other well known python packages.  

Please feel free to send in functions or classes that would be useful to class work or research to have
them added to the package.

# Setup

It is highly recommended to install Anaconda for the best results in compatability and in setup.

To setup simply execute:
>> pip install NuclearTools

Then you should be good to go!
